It's You
Why are you doing this?
How dare you seduce my brother?
Wrongful brother can only be mine
Can only be mine
I don't have it.
Not only seduce the wrong brother
I still want my mother to marry into the Ji family
Bitch told you to stay away from the wrong brother
Why didn't you listen?
Why don't you listen
After today
Brother Yuan will only be mine again
Hahaha, what are you doing?
No.
You are breaking the law by doing this. Do you know that?
Didn't know you turned into a pile of coke
Does Brother Yuan still like you?
Just die with the child in your belly
Miss, Mr. Ji is here.
Wrongful brother
How did he get here so fast?
Miss, let's go
We won't be able to leave when Mr. Ji arrives
die away